In this module will now build up on the practice app or on the shopping app we built in the last course
module.
So if you skipped the last course module which you can make sure you still download the finished code
from there and you manually go through that code to understand what we're doing there.
Also of course run the app on your emulators or real devices.
So did you well again get a feeling for what's happening there and what we built there.
Because in this module we'll take this app and will now work on the user input part.
That means we'll work on the part where users can add products and where they need to enter their own
data because whilst fetching data with the text input component is relatively straightforward as you
will learn in this module.
There is a bit more to it when it comes to validating that input configuring the text inputs correctly
and using that user input.
And these are all the things we'll have a detailed look at in this module.